800 some New York's are closing fire
when ready
Bob Lee swagger your heart magnify
there's gonna be an assassination the
shot will be taken won't be on the mild
virus explain the world later Charlotte
need you to stop it
now the ball the men alive on the planet
one of the few people who knows what to
look for
from the director of training day this
guy knows what he's doing
you gotta take him it's a setup take him
take him down but would-be assassin
sergeant Bob Lee swagger I didn't do
whatever they said I did humming some
bad trouble huh need some help
swagger still alive kill him
this is a Delta level clearance request
he's trained to counter itself this
Mexican there's gonna be more food than
more people are gonna die
I didn't start it but I mean you see it
to him he believed in honor we got him
for justice this is about to get worse
we're never gonna stop chasing Mark
Wahlberg what if it's a trap that's a
trout every time question this one
I have something you want where we meet
somewhere I can see you coming from
whale shooter
[Music]